Quasi-Experiments

    In between the observational study and the experiment is the quasi-experiment. This is where some, but not all, of the control requirements of a true experiment are met. For example, rolling out a new website interface to all users to see how much time they spend on it might be considered a quasi-experiment. While the manipulation is controlled by the experimenter, there aren't multiple groups to compare. The experimenter can still use the behavior of the population pre-change and compare that to behaviors post-change, to make judgment on the effects of the change. However, there is the possibility that there are other effects outside of the manipulation that caused the observed changes in behavior. For the example earlier in this paragraph, it might be that users would have naturally gravitated to higher usage rates, regardless of the website interface.

    As another example, we might have two different groups upon which to make a comparison of outcomes, but the original groups themselves might not be equivalent. A classic example of this is if a researcher wants to test some new supplemental materials for a high school course. If they select two different schools, one with the new materials and one without, we have a quasi-experiment since the differing qualities of students or teachers at those schools might have an effect on the outcomes. Ideally, we'd like to match the two schools before the test as closely as possible, but we can't call it a true experiment since the assignment of student to school can't be considered random.

    While a quasi-experiment may not have the same strength of causality inference as a true experiment, the results can still provide a strong amount of evidence for the relationship being investigated. This is especially true if some kind of matching is performed to identify similar units or groups. Another benefit of quasi-experimental designs is that the relaxation of requirements makes the quasi-experiment more flexible and easier to set up.